Docs: add dco and backport to code-contribute-guide (#671)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/contributor/code-contribute.md

### Pass all the CI checks

Before merge, All test CI should pass green.

> - The `codecov/project` should also pass. This means the coverage should not drop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `codecov/project` should also pass. This means the coverage should not drop. Currently, the coverage of the Pull Request should have at least 70%.
```

> - The `DCO` should also pass.  It requires all commit messages to contain the `Signed-off-by` line with an email address that matches the commit author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- KubeVela uses [DCO](https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/dco) for contributor agreements. It requires you to sign-off every commit before the pull request being merged.
```

>   - Contributors sign-off that they adhere to these requirements by adding a `Signed-off-by` line to commit messages.
>     ```shell
>     This is my commit message
>     
>     Signed-off-by: Random Developer <random@developer.example.org>
>     ```
>   - Git even has a `-s` command line option to append this automatically to your commit message:
>     ```shell
>      git commit -s -m 'This is my commit message'
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Git provides a convenient flag `-s` in your commit command to sign-off automatically:
    ```shell
     git commit -s -m 'This is my commit message'
    ```
    - Contributors can also sign-off manually by adding a `Signed-off-by` line to commit messages as the following format, make sure the email matches your github account or the check bot won't pass.
    ```shell
    This is my commit message
    
    Signed-off-by: Random Developer <random@developer.example.org>
    ```
```
